Ouch, the Chief Executive is here
Chief Executive
Welcome to the inspection
The Chief Executive's exchange meeting is quite good, oops
You are miserable again
I heard you talking about earthquakes just now.
How did that happen?
The Chief Executive is this kid
He actually said that there would be an earthquake in Tiancheng
I'm about to kick him out now.
special guard
What seismograph did he make just now?
Uh uh that shit
This thing can predict earthquakes
Certainly.
This is a seismometer with the latest architecture.
Earthquakes can be predicted two minutes in advance
There's going to be an earthquake in 15 minutes
Please cancel this exchange meeting
Hurry up and teach everyone to evacuate
Special guard Qin Feng, you actually guard with the ancient fool
Special guard, he just used that cannon just now
They say they can predict earthquakes.
He also said that the alarm would be sent out two minutes in advance
And it turns out there was no alarm at all.
You know, evacuate 500,000 people
How much human and financial resources do you need to consume?
If there is no earthquake
Can you be responsible for this loss?
If the earthquake hadn't happened
I will bear the loss of these.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Dad not only lies
Also talk big
Qingfeng, what are you responsible for, you soft rice eater?
Special guard of the breeze, he deceives the crowd
Create panic
He should be arrested
Catch catch catch catch catch catch
Catch Kuaishou
I have invited Luo Bureau from the Earthquake Bureau over
You can expose his lies in person
Enlightenment is now
How dare you be stubborn here
I want you to look good then
No matter who comes
It can't change the earth that Tiancheng is about to happen
The truth of the earthquake
What a shit earthquake
This is nonsense.